[MUSIC]
>> Brian: At this point in time, I want to
leave a little note on hot module reload.
It's one of the exciting parts of
web pack, exciting parts of react.
Not going to cover it today and the reason
for that is it's, in my opinion,
again another opinion,
it's not fully baked yet.
It doesn't totally work the way
I expected to and I hate
wrestling with my tools like it's just
one of my least favorite things to do.
I want to be writing code, I don't want to
be wrestling trying to get things to work.
And hot module reload you tend to have to
wrestle with a little bit, a lot actually.
And most importantly it doesn't work with
stateless functional components, and I
love stateless functional components, and
I'm not willing to give those up right.
Again when I'm talking about
stateless functional components,
I'm talking about components
that look like this.
Reason being is that hot module reload
doesn't have the opportunity to instrument
these, right,
because they are just functions.
>> Brian: Hot Module Reload doesn't have a
way to hook into these to basically allow
you to hot module reload.
Now what is hot module reload?
The basic gist of what hot module
reload is, say I went in here, and
I changed the title of svideo
in my code and I click save.
What Webpack is gonna do is it opens
a connection to your browser and
says, here's new code that he just saved.
It doesn't reload the page,
it actually hot,
on the fly reloads your
code in the browser.
And that's pretty compelling,
bcause you no longer have to refresh your
page to get your changes right away.
So if you're like, excuse me, when I'm
working on a drop down where you have
to click and then click again and
then click again to get to the state that
you need to test, that's super useful
because you can just see your code
changing without having to click in every
single time you refresh the page, right.
And when you're doing user interface
testing, maintaining that state is
a really useful way to maintain
their mental context, right?
There's a tool called
Live Reload that does it for
CSS, which I would suggest you all
use when you're doing your CSS.
That does the same idea that every time
you save your CSS it just reloads it
in the browser, and you don't
actually have to refresh the page.
Hot module reload is the same idea,
but with JavaScript.
So it does work
decently well if everything is not
stateless functional component.
You do have to instrument your code
a little bit to get it to work, but
it's not terrible, so
I'll leave it up to you to implement it.
It's a little bit of a pain and to be
totally honest with you that the author of
Hot Module Reload for React is this is
the same guy that did redux, Dan Abramov,
who is not only a really nice guy but
is super super smart.
He says himself the hot module reload for
react is a hack.
It's a great hack, but
it's still a hack, and I tend to agree.
He has a new tech coming out
called battle transform.
That'll work kind of the same way just in
different method, that'll work better.
But that's still a emerging technology.
So it was too alpha E for me to feel
comfortable talking about today, so
I'll leave that to your own devices
just I don't personally use it.
Again, because I don't wanna
wrestle with my tools, but
once you get it working it
actually is pretty cool.
Any questions on hot module reload?
With the caveat that I
haven't used it extensively,
so I don't have too much knowledge on it,
okay.
>> Speaker 2: So there is a functional
stateless components when you use them
with the module reload?
>> Brian: They just don't refresh.
Yeah, that's the that's the gist of that.
Which is really frustrating that some
components will reload and some won't.
And that cognitive load of trying to
figure out which ones will reload
which ones won't is not worth it, right?
Because if you have a stateless
functional component above it,
that won't refresh unless
everything's broken.
You can have functions or
state full components underneath it,
and those won't reload either
because the parent won't reload.
I think, again,
I’m not super sure, but it’s okay.
That's a good question.
From Erica is hot module reload
appear they're reacting?
It's not.
It's a Web pack thing, and
anything that plugs in a web pack can.
As far as I know react is really
the only one working on it like
their little community that
cares about it right now.
That might be true of maybe
Angular 2 might do it.
I don't know anything about Angular 2,
so don't ask me.
But it's a Web pack thing, anything
they can plug in the web pack can do it.
So I just haven't heard anyone
else doing it yet, and I think it
has to do with the architecture of react
that it lends itself to hot module reload.
Angular one definitely just would not
be able to, it's two coupled together.
Well I'm not gonna assert
that it can't be done,
I'm just gonna assert that it isn't
being done, and it would be hard to do.